PACKING LIST FOR PARTICIPANTS
REQUIRED ITEMS:
RUCKSACK
Rucksack weighing no less than 45 lbs dry. That means not including
water or food. **You must use a GORUCK brand rucksack.** Should
your rucksack become non-operational for any reason during GORUCK
Selection, we will have replacement rucks on hand. (GR0/GR1 with drain
holes in the bottom recommended).
Must contain one 2” x 3” piece of Velcro loops on it (standard on nearly all
GORUCK rucksacks). Cadre will affix a participant patch to this at the
start.
Must contain reflective belt (1) or reflective strips (2 minimum) on the
exterior of the rucksack. If using a reflective belt, it must be looped through carabiners or affixed in some way so that it will not come off when
submerged or dragged.

INSIDE YOUR RUCKSACK
Weight to meet the 45 lbs dry requirement – (plates recommended as
opposed to something that gets heavier when wet).
Waterproof bag (35L Sea to Summit recommended plus contractor bag as
back-up).
Recommended that anything that retains water when wet fits inside
it.
Trail running shoes or light weight boots with drainage holes. (in addition
to worn pair). Do not wear Gore-Tex boots with no drain holes.
Baseball style hat with 2x3 Velcro loops on the front for a patch (TAC Hat
recommended)
Socks: four (4) pair (Recommended Darn Tough)
Jacket/windbreaker (may be worn during GORUCK Physical Fitness Test
GRPFT if authorized by Cadre)
Base layer top, long-sleeved (1)
T-shirt (1)
Pants (1 or 2 pair)
Gloves (Recommended: Mechanixx)
Foot care kit
This document is dated October 21, 2014. Changes prior to your Selection experience are possible. Updated versions will
be posted to the GORUCK Selection website page and participants will be notified of updated versions via their
registration email address.
WWW.GORUCK.COM/SELECTION

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Vaseline or anti-chafe gel
Sunscreen – SPF 50+ recommended
3L Hydration bladder (Quantity: minimum 2) (Recommended: Source
Hydration). The second one is a back-up in case the first one fails or
breaks.
Water bottle, 32oz (Recommended: Nalgene). No morale stickers affixed
are authorized. GORUCK logo Nalgene is authorized. Cadre will affix
100mph tape to this at the start and write your roster number on it.
ID card, $20 cash: waterproofed
Functioning Headlamp (Recommended: Petzl)
Performance cap (Recommended: Ibex beanie)
One (1) functioning strobe light. You must be able to clip it onto your PT
belt and rucksack.
Two (2) military-grade ChemLights, minimum 12 hour duration.
WORN AT THE START OF GORUCK SELECTION
•
•
•
•
•
•
T-shirt, tan
Black shorts with minimal or no exterior branding (GORUCK or sterile
Ranger Panties are authorized)
Socks
Running trail shoes or lightweight boots. You will be given the opportunity
to change your footwear after the 5 Mile run portion of the GORUCK
Physical Fitness Test, prior to the 12 Mile Ruck.
Jacket/windbreaker (weather dependent – if this is authorized, you will be
informed NLT than the commencement of GORUCK Selection). You do
not need to have a total of 2. It can either be in your ruck or worn if
authorized by the Cadre.
Reflective belt (1) worn around waist
BROUGHT WITH YOU TO THE START OF GORUCK
SELECTION*
•
•
Any required life-saving medication (must be declared during your medical
screening which happens at the beginning of GORUCK Selection)
MRE (Meals Ready to Eat) (1) with your name sharpied on it. Note: this
will not count toward the 45 lb. weight requirement and will be confiscated
at the start. You will be given the opportunity to eat it during your midway-
counseling (~24 Hours in).
This document is dated October 21, 2014. Changes prior to your Selection experience are possible. Updated versions will
be posted to the GORUCK Selection website page and participants will be notified of updated versions via their
registration email address.
WWW.GORUCK.COM/SELECTION

* Note: these items brought with you to the start may be stowed inside your
rucksack. If space is tight, you are not required to have them inside your
rucksack. They will not count toward the weight requirement and will be
confiscated from you at the start of GORUCK Selection.
OPTIONAL ITEMS:
•
•
•
•
•
100 MPH tape strips
Additional dry bags, plastic bags, and/or Pelican cases
Additional units of REQUIRED ITEMS
Additional pair of shorts such as Ranger Panties
Other items to ensure you reach the 45 lb. dry weight standard
PROHIBITED ITEMS:
Watch
GPS/Pedometer
Map
Energy supplements
Medicine, unless declared
Knives
Sunglasses
Rings, bracelets, and other jewelry
Alcohol
Morale patches
Non-GORUCK Rucksacks.

NOTES:
Cell phones: recommended that you not bring. If you must bring yours, we
will confiscate at the beginning and return only upon the end of your
GORUCK Selection experience. We assume no liability should something
happen to your phone while under our care.
Keys. Bring if you must but do not plan to have access to keys inside
another participant’s rucksack. If your GORUCK Selection experience
comes to an end and a participant who remains has the keys to a car you
need access to, we will not be able to facilitate this request.

Required items must be brought. There will be an inspection at the
commencement of GORUCK Selection.
Recommendation: things that retain water are placed in a waterproof bag
or Ziploc style bag, all inside of one large dry bag or contractors bag.
Unless otherwise specified, the intended quantity of items is one (1) or
one pair.
Ruck must weigh a minimum of 45lbs when dry (not including water). Add
weight in whatever manner you see fit as needed to meet requirement.
Any prohibited items will be confiscated and returned upon completion or
withdrawal.
You will receive a medical screening at the commencement of GORUCK
Selection.
The GORUCK Physical Fitness Test (GRPFT) is the first event of
GORUCK Selection and consists of 2 minutes of Push-Ups (PU’s), 2
minutes of Sit-Ups (SU’s), a 5-Mile Run, and a 12 Mile Ruck. Minimum
standards to continue to the rest of GORUCK Selection are as follows:
o PU’s: 55
o SU’s: 65
o 5-Mile Run: 40 minutes
o 12 Mile Ruck: 3:30 (3 hours, 30 minutes)
If you fail any portion of the GORUCK PFT you will be performance
dropped from GORUCK Selection.
You will be authorized to run with water on your person during the 5 Mile
Run portion of the GRPFT. Either in a Nalgene bottle or in a carry system
for a hydration bladder (such as the 5L Bullet Rucksack). Running with
water is recommended to prevent dehydration.
Registration for GORUCK Selection is non-refundable and non-
transferable. If you are medically dropped from GORUCK Selection, you
will have the opportunity to come back to a different GORUCK Selection
free of charge.
Do not ask for additional clarification except in the case of medical questions not
addressed in this document...
WHEN IN DOUBT, DO WHAT YOU THINK IS RIGHT.
