
zombie survival kit -  more like fuck the car broke down I'm stuck.

I've been looking at building a  better range of kits to be used while bush walking and to be stored in the various family cars esp. the ute. I thought I would document the process and seek any suggestions.

I'm starting out with the '72 hour/survival kit/bag' and hope to work up to a better in car kit as well as house preps as since the move lots of stuff has been lacking/moved lost.
I started checking out some random bit's and piece I'd seen/read  as a reference point to hopefully pick from.


SAS survival kit -  taken from SAS Survival Guide - Lofty Wiseman

In the Tin portion

    Tin
    Candle
    Flint & Steel
    Magnifying Glass
    Needle &Thread
    Fish Hooks & Line
    Compass
    Beta Light
    Snare Wire
    Flexible Saw
    Medical Kit
    Surgical Blades
    Butterfly Sutures
    Plasters
    Condom


In an Ammunition Pouch

    Pouch
    Mess Tin
    Solid Fuel - Hexamine
    Torch - AA size
    Rescue Flares
    Marker Panel
    Matches - Waterproof
    Brew Kit
    Food
    Survival Bag
    Knife



Pathfinder Survival Kit as outlined in the following video, and based on there 5 'c' of sustainability.

    Cutting Tool - fixed blade knife, folding saw
    Combustion - waterproof tinder, flint & steel, bic lighter
    Container - stainless steel wide mouthed water bottle, stainless steel cup w mesh pack stove ring in insulated pouch
    Cordage - #36 bank line, paracord
    Cover - micro fleece blanket, 55 gal 3 mil drum liner/contractors trash bag, space blanket mylar tarp
    bandana
    Cargo Tape - duct/duck cloth tape
    Candling Device - waterproof led head torch w flash
    Compass - incl. mirror, magnifying glass
    Sail Needle - taped to knife, magnetised
    5l waterproof bag-  to hold above and can be used for carrying water.

All items were stored in waterproof bag this was  carried in small day pack, included was a blaze orange t-shirt, and other cover garments suitable for a day hike. Included was a waterproof outline of various survival texts.

All items if possible were in bright/blaze orange to aid in rescue attempts.


IHatchetJack 72Hour Kit as outlined here and his day pack here

In a pouch

    knife-  mora carbon steel
    altoids tin - w 50 y dental floss, small fishing kit, sewing kit
    cotton bandana
    signalling mirror
    lighter - w bicycle inner tube surround
    match safe - waterproof matches and strikers
    duck tape
    iodine - 2% tinture
    fire steel
    first aid kit - small
    venom extractor
    space blanket - orange/silver
    55gal drum liner
    para cord
    inner tube
    food - power/clift bars
    whistle
    light


In the daypack/blanket - as per the two videos here and here.

    day pack
    fire bow
    hand drill - fire kit
    shemaugh
    poncho/tarp
    hygiene kit
    food - in large plastic peanut butter jar nuts, seeds, hard tack
    stainless steel usgi kettle - w rice
    sierra cup
    bag - filter device or storage
    72 hour kit - wilderness survival kit
    knee pad
    water bottle
    tinder bundle
    saw
    fishing kit
    tinder box
    flint & steel
    back up knife
    knife sharpener
    ground cloth - 55 drum liner
    woolen blanket
    spoon
    journal &pencil
    para cord
    casualty blanket -  mylar emergency blanket

Yeagers $99 bug out bag

Plastic Eye dropper Bottle
Paracord 50'
LED head Lamp
SOL emergency Bivvy
Dalterx Emengercy Life Boat Rations
Leatherman Wingman
Tarp
Small Assault Backpack
Disposable Lighter
Toilet Paper
Emergency Poncho
Water Bottle  - Wide Mouth
Water treatment tablets
Small Torch

$25 Bug Out Bag - Not everyone has 100 dollars to spend on a bag.

Bag
Cordage
Food - Muesli Bar, Trail Mix. Snickers, Chicken Meal/Tuna
Lighters
Tape
Ibuprofen
Pocket Knife
Box Cutter/Stanley Knife
Dental Floss
Tea Lights
Flash Light
Glow Sticks
Pliers/Screwdrivers
Wipes
First Aid Kit
Water
Sanitary Pads
Compression Bandage
Zip Lock Bags



Enough on the kit lists - I'm sure there are 1 billion 72 hour kit list on the web/youtube, but somethings started to stand out as obvious. Now I wanted a method to separate out, the various choices for gear, people had made for kit for example a flexible saw over a folding saw.

I based this around the survival law/rule of 3's.

3 seconds -  to die of an attack or an act of stupidity.
3 minutes - to die of lack of oxygen.
3 hours - to die of exposure.
3 days - to die of dehydration.
3 weeks - to die of starvation.
3 months - to die of lack of companionship.

'usefulness' of kit breakdown - please excuse my dodgy handwriting I couldn't get the forums to make me a table.

Ideally I wanted gear to meet more then one use, and to meet the more immediate threats. The kit needed to be based around the idea of the more likely scenarios for my location and what I spend my time doing. I made a list of all the items, noted how many times they were mentioned in sources, and thought about all the simple uses I could off the top of my head. The more sources and ticks the more obvious the uses.

Some thing really stood out as to obvious to pass by: blaze orange bandana, blaze orange shirt, compass, blaze orange marker panel, a good first aid kit, mobile phone w useful number stored. Please note this is a kit to get me found not to play chocolate soldier commandos with.

    knife - frosts mora carbon steel edge
    folding saw - bahco laplander
    surgical blade - taped to sheath
    candle - tallow
    flint & steel
    magnifying glass
    water proof tinder - not sure what kind might just be vaseline cotton balls
    lighter
    bicycle inner tube -  as r4nger bands, and knife handle/lighter grip
    pouch for water bottle
    s/s cup
    55 drum liner
    5L water proof bag - blaze orange
    sewing kit - extar thick bobbin with a few needles taped up
    fishing kit - line, hooks, sinkers
    snare wire- pike wire and fixers
    duct tape
    para cord - bright orange
    nylon twine - bank line
    survival bivvy bag - bright orange
    survival blanket/tarp -  bright orange/reflective silver
    wool blanket - lighter in summer, heavy in winter
    head torch - obvious choice two hands in dark or one hand and a torch
    whistle
    signalling mirror
    marker panel - waterproof bag, tarp, bivvy bag all make extra signalling devices
    food - something simple trailmix, goffers, chocolates, bannock mix, what ever I can nick out the cupboard
